Add terminate after behavior to concurrent segment search (#5143)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/concurrent-segment-search.md

## The `terminate_after` search parameter

> The [`terminate_after` search parameter]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search/#url-parameters) is used to terminate a search request once a specified number of documents has been collected. If you include the `terminate_after` parameter in a request, concurrent segment search is disabled and the request is run in a non-concurrent manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `terminate_after` [search parameter]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/search/#url-parameters) allows you to terminate a search request after a specified number of documents has been collected. When you include the `terminate_after` parameter in a request, concurrent segment search is disabled and the request runs in a non-concurrent manner.
```

Author: The name of the parameter is included in the link because that's what the section is called.

Author: My bad, the section is URL parameters but we want the user to look for a specific one, so having the link on the whole name reinforces that.

>  Typically, queries are expected to be used with smaller `terminate_after` values and thus complete very quickly because the search is performed on a reduced dataset, so concurrent search may not improve performance in this case. Moreover, when `terminate_after` is used with other search request parameters, such as `track_total_hits` and `size`, it adds complexity and changes the expected query behavior. Falling back to non-concurrent path for these search requests ensures consistent results between concurrent and non-concurrent requests.

Reviewer: I have to read this a few times to understand the meaning. Are you recommending that they use smaller terminate_after values so that the query completes more quickly for non-concurrent searches? What do you mean by 'falling back to non-concurrent path'? I think you mean that by using this parameter, you can ensure that concurrent and non-concurrent requests perform more consistently?

Author: Here's what it means: A. If you use a `terminate_after` parameter, the request completes very quickly anyway so there's no use for concurrent search. B. If you use a `terminate_after` parameter with other search parameters, concurrent and non-concurrent requests may produce different results. Because of A and B, we decided that if you use a `terminate_after` parameter, we'll always run the request as non-concurrent.

Author: @hdhalter I've rewritten the paragraph. Please review again. Thank you.

Author: Falling back is a common computer science term.

>  Typically, queries with `terminate_after` are expected to be used with smaller values and thus complete very quickly because the search is performed on a reduced dataset, so concurrent search may not improve performance in this case. Moreover, when `terminate_after` is used with other search request parameters, such as `track_total_hits` and `size`, it adds complexity and changes the expected query behavior. Falling back to non-concurrent path for these search requests ensures consistent results between concurrent and non-concurrent requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Typically, queries are expected to be used with smaller `terminate_after` values and thus complete very quickly because the search is performed on a reduced dataset, so concurrent search may not improve performance in this case. Moreover, when `terminate_after` is used with other search request parameters, such as `track_total_hits` and `size`, it adds complexity and changes the expected query behavior. Falling back to non-concurrent path for these search requests ensures consistent results between concurrent and non-concurrent requests.
```

> Typically, queries are used with smaller `terminate_after` values and thus complete quickly because the search is performed on a reduced dataset. Therefore, concurrent search may not further improve performance in this case. Moreover, when `terminate_after` is used with other search request parameters, such as `track_total_hits` and `size`, it adds complexity and changes the expected query behavior. Falling back to a non-concurrent path for search requests that include `terminate_after` ensures consistent results between concurrent and non-concurrent requests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Typically, queries are used with smaller `terminate_after` values and thus complete quickly because the search is performed on a reduced dataset. Therefore, concurrent search may not further improve performance in this case. Moreover, when `terminate_after` is used with other search request parameters, such as `track_total_hits` or `size`, it adds complexity and changes the expected query behavior. Falling back to a non-concurrent path for search requests that include `terminate_after` ensures consistent results between concurrent and non-concurrent requests.
```
